 She always speaks to him in a loud voice. Sixty-Four comes asking for bread. There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable. Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof. I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches. The shooter says goodbye to his love. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent We have a lot of rain in June. We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa. Let me help you with your baggage. The memory we used to share is no longer coherent. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. He told us a very exciting adventure story. A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt. This is a Japanese doll. I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. Two seats were vacant. The river stole the gods. Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be. A glittering gem is not enough. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same. I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive. Is it free? The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other. If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind. Rock music approaches at high velocity. Please wait outside of the house. He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there. Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. I am never at home on Sundays. Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all. Hurry! I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why. Mary plays the piano. She advised him to come back at once. Abstraction is often one floor above you. He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker. I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks. She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it. I checked to make sure that he was still alive. Wow, does that work? I want more detailed information. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet. Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here? She was too short to see over the fence. I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert. 
